Link sections on `throw` and handling exceptions (#1005)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/exceptions.md

Exceptions are handled by a `try` statement ([§13.11](statements.md#1311-the-try-statement)).

> When an exception is thrown (§13.10.6), the system searches for the nearest catch clause that can handle the exception, as determined by the run-time type of the exception. First, the current method is searched for a lexically enclosing `try` statement, and the associated `catch` clauses of the `try` statement are considered in order. If that fails, the method that called the current method is searched for a lexically enclosing `try` statement that encloses the point of the call to the current method. This search continues until a `catch` clause is found that can handle the current exception, by naming an exception class that is of the same class, or a base class, of the run-time type of the exception being thrown. A `catch` clause that doesn’t name an exception class can handle any exception.

Reviewer: I'd prefer linking from here to [21.2 Causes of exceptions](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/1b8e8c35345d9cbb3838de7cd40c23da1070c215/standard/exceptions.md#212-causes-of-exceptions), which already includes a link to [13.10.6 The throw statement](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/1b8e8c35345d9cbb3838de7cd40c23da1070c215/standard/statements.md#13106-the-throw-statement).  This would make it clearer that the paragraph also applies to NullReferenceException etc. when thrown by the runtime without a `throw` statement.

Author: Making the comment into a suggestion:

```suggestion
When an exception is thrown (§21.2), the system searches for the nearest catch clause that can handle the exception, as determined by the run-time type of the exception. First, the current method is searched for a lexically enclosing `try` statement, and the associated `catch` clauses of the `try` statement are considered in order. If that fails, the method that called the current method is searched for a lexically enclosing `try` statement that encloses the point of the call to the current method. This search continues until a `catch` clause is found that can handle the current exception, by naming an exception class that is of the same class, or a base class, of the run-time type of the exception being thrown. A `catch` clause that doesn’t name an exception class can handle any exception.
```

> When an exception is thrown (§13.10.6), the system searches for the nearest catch clause that can handle the exception, as determined by the run-time type of the exception. First, the current method is searched for a lexically enclosing `try` statement, and the associated `catch` clauses of the `try` statement are considered in order. If that fails, the method that called the current method is searched for a lexically enclosing `try` statement that encloses the point of the call to the current method. This search continues until a `catch` clause is found that can handle the current exception, by naming an exception class that is of the same class, or a base class, of the run-time type of the exception being thrown. A `catch` clause that doesn’t name an exception class can handle any exception.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an exception is thrown (§21.2), the system searches for the nearest catch clause that can handle the exception, as determined by the run-time type of the exception. First, the current method is searched for a lexically enclosing `try` statement, and the associated `catch` clauses of the `try` statement are considered in order. If that fails, the method that called the current method is searched for a lexically enclosing `try` statement that encloses the point of the call to the current method. This search continues until a `catch` clause is found that can handle the current exception, by naming an exception class that is of the same class, or a base class, of the run-time type of the exception being thrown. A `catch` clause that doesn’t name an exception class can handle any exception.
```
